Add negative sign to PLOG rate expressions and clarify negative A-factors in PLOG reactions (#116)
Cantera/cantera-website: pages/science/reactions.rst

pressure. For pressures outside the given range, the rate expression at the nearest
pressure is used.

Negative A-factors can be used for any of the rate expressions at a given pressure.
However, the sum of all of the rates at a given pressure **must** be positive, due
to the logarithmic interpolation of the rate for intermediate pressures. When a
P-log type reaction is initialized, Cantera does a validation check for a range of

> temperatures that the reaction rate at every pressure is positive. Unfortunately, if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
temperatures that the sum of the reaction rates at each pressure is positive. Unfortunately, if
```
